Add latest projects to Writing Day project list (#2665)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2026/writing-day.md

### Audit Your Docs Metrics (Sponsor session)

* Project organizer: Sarah Dugan, she/her
* Project session: Afternoon

The [State of Docs report](https://www.stateofdocs.com/2026) found that most teams think their docs are valuable but struggle to show it. This is a working session around what metrics actually matter and how to start tracking them. Each person maps what they're currently measuring, what tools they're using, and where the gaps are. Everyone leaves with one concrete next step they can act on that week.

### Docs as Code: starting from scratch

* Project organizer: Mike Jang, he/him
* Project session: Afternoon

> Anyone who's starting a Docs as Code practice needs a place to start. But with the 400+ open source options, where do you start? Mike Jang will share his experience implementing [docsy.dev](http://docsy.dev/) as the first writer at a startup, using "live" demos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone beginning a Docs as Code practice needs a place to start. With over 400+ open source options, figuring out where to begin can be overwhelming. This project is here to help! Join Mike Jang as he shares his experience implementing [docsy.dev](http://docsy.dev/) as the first writer at a startup, complete with "live" demos.
```
